II. Tell us about the 2 Audio Effect nodes you added to the audio routing graph.
    I don't have much knowledge about music and stuff so I just did the two Audio Effect nodes 
    that were given as an example in the HW details which were the treble and the bass since 
    they seemed like the most simple and I knew somewhat what kind of effect that they should
    have on the music since they are more commonplace.

III. Tell us your Sprite's class name, what it looks like/what it does in the visualization
    I have two sprites, though one is just a hit quality marker which tells the user how good
    their hit was on the hote. The main one that moves around and reacts to music is my Arrow
    sprite class, which is instanced whenever an average frequency value is greater than the 
    parameters I set in testing which creates an arrow as a note for the user to hit. The arrow
    doesn't do anything too fancy, but they are rotated to indicate which column they are in
    and even rest for several milliseconds to allow the user time to hit them once they reach 
    the furthest they can go. The arrows of course represent the beats of the song, with each 
    column representing one of four parts of the song: drums, other, bass, instrumental 
    respectively. I'm not too sure what other is but when I was stem splitting songs I received
    an other file and since it contained instrumental I added it in.


IV. Tell us what app data you put in your av-data.json file
    For my json data I just have the name of my app, the names of the songs which is accessed in main
    so that the songs can be switched in audio.js. I only needed the names of the main songs since I made
    folders with the song's name, and then all the stemmed files like drums, bass, etc are all named the 
    same thing, so I can easily load in which ever one I need without changing that code. The third and 
    final thing I have in the json file is just a sort description of the new functionality of my app.
    Since most things stayed relatively tame and familiar with the biggest change being the rhythm game portion
    which needed some explaining just in case.


V. Tell us how you improved the aesthetics of the app over the AV HW:
    So for the change in aesthetics obviously the most important, and the thing I spent the most time on
    was the rhythm game part of it. And I think in that aspect itself I would give myself a like 14%, like
    nearly perfect because I really think I did a really good job with it and considering the program I am
    working in, and it felt really different as well and adds a lot more interaction than a normal audio
    visualizer would. As for the rest of the app, I really just looked to add stuff until I could meet the 
    requirements for a decent grade since I spent most of my enthusiasm and energy on the rhythm part as 
    that was the most interesting to me. I think it looks fine and I didn't really have a theme going on
    so it is just rainbow. I do think the rotating bars with the circle is pretty cool though. I'd give
    myself a ~10% maybe 9% on this part for like an average of 12% maybe. Other than that I just cleaned
    all the inputs and sliders up.

